chore: improve docs for docker (#1171)
nftstorage/nft.storage: packages/api/README.md

### Running Locally

> Install docker and make sure that you have at least 8GB alocated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install docker and make sure that you have at least 8GB of RAM allocated.
```
